First third of corrections of typos, grammar, and readability (#34)
mia-entropy/eberban: books/refgram/src/logic/transformations.md

> Assertion given $(c): A cat eats something.\
> Assertion given $(c): I like __this cat__.

When prefixing a compound, __ze__ will refer to the lastest instance of that
exact compound. To make sentences shorter, __zei__ can be used before a
predicate word to refer the latest compound containing this word.

> `ze eberban` will refer to the latest `eberban` instance, while `zei ban` will
> refer to the latest compound containing `ban`, for exemple `eberban`.

> This is the __latest instance__ is determined by word order in the text, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which one is the __latest instance__ is determined by word order in the text, and
```
Sentence with "this" looks nonsensical to me. Word order in the text determined which instance is the latest.

_pa meon sae buri tce __mian__ pa mi dona ze mian_

can be translated as "An apple is eaten by some cats. I like one of those
cats." It is however preferred to not refer to such an unordered instance, and
instead refer to a clearly ordered word such as __tce__, for which we can speak
about one of its members with __tci__ (is a member of) :

_pa meon sae buri __tce__ mian pa mi dona tci ze tce_

> A related concept is __forethought reference__. A __KI/GI__ variable is first
> assigned by prefixing with __bo__ before being used in reference.
>

> > The usage of __KI__ and __GI__ defined in this way is distinct. Such __KI__

Reviewer: What does it mean to be "distinct"?
